As  the  doctor  was  moving  off  I  heard  Uncle  Cæsar's  voice inside: 'Did  he git bofe  of dem two dollars from  you, Mis' Zalea?' 'Yes,  Cæsar,'  I  heard  Azalea Adair  answer  weakly.  And  then  I went in and concluded  business negotiations with our  contributor. I  assumed the  responsibility of advancing fifty  dollars, putting  it as a  necessary  formality  in  binding  our  bargain.  And  then  Uncle Cæsar drove me back to the  hotel. Here  ends  all the  story  as far  as I  can  testify  as a witness.  The rest must  be only bare statements  of facts. At  about  six o'clock  I went  out  for  a stroll. Uncle  Cæsar was at his  corner.  He  threw  open  the  door  of his carriage, flourished  his duster  and  began  his depressing formula:  'Step right in, suh.  Fifty cents to anywhere in the  city -  hack's puffickly clean, suh -  jus'  got back from  a funeral -  ' And  then  he  recognized  me.  I  think  his  eyesight  was  getting bad. His  coat had  taken  on  a few more  faded  shades of colour,  the twine  strings  were  more  frayed  and  ragged,  the  last  remaining button -  the  button  of yellow horn -  was gone. A motley  descen(cid:173)dant  of kings was Uncle Caesar. About  two  hours  later  I  saw  an  excited  crowd  besieging  the front  of  a  drug  store.  In  a  desert  where  nothing  happens  this was manna;  so  I  edged  my way inside. On  an  extemporized  couch  of empty  boxes  and  chairs  was  stretched  the  mortal  corporeality  of Major  Wentworth  Caswell.  A  doctor  was  testing  him  for  the immortal  ingredient.  His  decision  was that  it  was conspicuous  by its absence. The  erstwhile Major  had  been  found  dead  on  a  dark  street  and brought  by  curious  and  ennuied  citizens  to  the  drug  store.  The late  human  being  had  been  engaged in  terrific  battle -  the  details showed  that.  Loafer  and  reprobate  though  he  had  been,  he  had been  also a warrior. But  he  had  lost. His  hands  were yet  clenched so  tightly that  his  fingers  would  not  be  opened.  The  gentle  citi(cid:173)zens who  had  known  him  stood  about  and  searched  their  vocabu(cid:173)laries to find  some good  words, if it were possible, to  speak of him. One  kind-looking  man  said,  after  much  thought:  'When  "Cas" was about  fo'teen  he was one of the  best  spellers in  school.' While  I  stood  there  the  fingers  of  the  right  hand  of  'the  man that  was,' which hung  down  the  side of  a white  pine  box, relaxed, and  dropped  something  at my feet.  I covered  it with  one  foot  qui(cid:173)etly,  and  a little later  on  I picked it up  and  pocketed  it. I  reasoned that  in  his  last  struggle  his  hand  must  have  seized  that  object 