'Say,  Shack,  ain't  that  a  hell  of  a  note?  Wouldn't  that  knock you off your  perch,  Shack? Ain't  it hell,  now, Shack  -  ain't  it?' LIII Past One at Rooney's ONLY  ON THE  LOWER  East  Side of  New  York  do  the  Houses  of Capulet  and  Montague  survive.  There  they  do  not  fight  by  the book  of  arithmetic.  If you  but  bite  your  thumb  at  an  upholder  of your  opposing  house  you  have  work  cut  out  for  your  steel.  On Broadway  you  may  drag  your  man  along  a  dozen  blocks  by  his nose, and he will only bawl for  the watch; but  in the  domain  of  the East  Side Tybalts and  Mercutios you  must  observe  the  niceties of deportment  to  the  wink  of  an  eyelash  and  to  an  inch  of  elbow-room  at  the  bar  when  its  patrons  include  foes  of your  house  and kin. So,  when  Eddie  McManus,  known  to  the  Capulets  as  Cork McManus,  drifted  into  Dutch Mike's for  a stein of beer,  and  came upon a bunch  of Montagues making merry with the suds, he began to  observe  the  strictest  parliamentary  rules. Courtesy  forbade  his leaving the  saloon with his thirst  unslaked; caution  steered  him  to a  place at the  bar where  the  mirror  supplied  the  cognizance of  the enemy's  movements  that  his  indifferent  gaze  seemed  to  disdain; experience  whispered  to  him  that  the  finger  of  trouble  would  be busy  among  the  chattering  steins  at  Dutch  Mike's  that  night. Close  by his  side  drew  Brick Cleary, his Mercutio,  companion  of his  perambulations.  Thus  they  stood,  four  of  the  Mulberry  Hill Gang  and two of the Dry  Dock  Gang  minding their  P's  and  Q's  so solicitously  that  Dutch  Mike  kept  one  eye  on  his  customers  and the  other  on  an  open  space  beneath  his  bar  in  which  it  was  his custom  to seek safety whenever the  ominous  politeness of the rival associations congealed into the shapes of bullets and cold steel. But we have not  to  do  with  the  wars of  the  Mulberry Hills and the  Dry  Docks.  We  must  to  Rooney's,  where,  on  the  most blighted  dead  branch  of  the  tree  of  life,  a  little  pale  orchid  shall bloom. Overstrained  etiquette  at  last  gave  way.  It  is  not  known  who first  overstepped  the  bounds  of  punctilio;  but  the  consequences were  immediate.  Buck  Malone,  of  the  Mulberry  Hills,  with  a 