At the  hotel  that night  the  main  topic  of  conversation,  with  the possible  exceptions  of  politics  and  prohibition,  was the  demise  of Major  Caswell. I heard  one man say to  a group  of listeners: 'In  my  opinion,  gentlemen,  Caswell was murdered  by  some  of these  no-account  niggers for  his  money.  He  had  fifty  dollars  this afternoon  which  he  showed  to  several  gentlemen  in  the  hotel. When  he was found  the money was  not  on his  person.' I  left  the  city  the  next  morning  at  nine,  and  as  the  train  was crossing  the  bridge  over  the  Cumberland  River I  took  out  of  my pocket  a  yellow,  horn,  overcoat  button  the  size  of  a  fifty-cent piece, with frayed  ends  of coarse twine hanging from  it, and  cast it out  of the window into the slow, muddy waters below. I wonder  what's  doing  in  Buffalo! LI Compliments of the Season THERE  ARE NO  MORE  Christmas  stories  to  write.  Fiction  is exhausted;  and  newspaper  items  the  next  best,  are  manufactured by  clever  young Journalists  who  have  married  early and  have  an engagingly  pessimistic  view  of  life.  Therefore,  for  seasonable diversion, we are reduced  to  two very questionable  sources -  facts and  philosophy.  We  will  begin  with  -  whichever  you  choose  to call it. Children  are  pestilential  little  animals  with  which  we  have  to cope  under  a  bewildering variety of  conditions.  Especially when childish sorrows  overwhelm them  are we put  to  our wits'  end.  We exhaust  our  paltry store  of  consolation;  and  then  beat  them,  sob足bing,  to  sleep. Then  we grovel in  the  dust  of  a million years,  and ask  God  why.  Thus  we  call  out  of  the  rat-trap.  As  for  the  chil足dren,  no  one  understands  them  except  old  maids,  hunchbacks, and  shepherd  dogs. Now  come  the  facts  in  the  case of  the  Rag-Doll,  the  Tatterde足malion, and the Twenty-fifth  of  December. On  the  tenth of that month the  Child of the Millionaire lost  her rag-doll. There  were many servants in  the  Millionaire's  palace  on the  Hudson,  and  these  ransacked  the  house  and  grounds,  but without  finding  the  lost treasure. The  Child was a girl  of  five, and one  of  those  perverse  little beasts  that  often  wound  the sensibili足