2 97 racking,  petitionary  music  of  a violin. The  hag,  music,  bewitches some  of  the  noblest.  The  daws  may peck  upon  one's  sleeve  with­out  in  injury,  but  whoever  wears  his  heart  upon  his  tympanum gets it not  far  from  the  neck. This  music  and  the  musician  called her,  and  at her  side  honour and  the  old  love held her  back. 'Forgive  me,' he  pleaded. 'Twenty  years is a  long  time  to  remain  away from  the  one  you say  you love,' she declared, with  a purgatorial  touch. 'How  could  I  tell?'  he  begged.  'I  will conceal nothing from  you. That  night  when  he  left  I  followed  him.  I was mad  with jealousy. On  a  dark  street  I  struck  him  down.  He  did  not  rise. I  examined him.  His  head  had  struck  a  stone.  I  did  not  intend  to  kill  him.  I was  mad  with  love  and  jealousy.  I  hid  near  by  and  saw  an  ambu­lance take him  away. Although  you married  him, Helen -  ' 'Who  are  you?'  cried the  woman,  with wide-open  eyes,  snatching her  hand away. 'Don't  you  remember  me,  Helen  -  the  one  who  has  always loved you the  best? I am John  Delaney. If you  can forgive -  ' But  she  was  gone,  leaping,  stumbling,  hurrying,  flying  up  the stairs  toward  the  music  and  him  who  had  forgotten,  but  who  had known  her  for  his in each of his two  existences, and  as she  climbed up  she sobbed,  cried and  sang: 'Frank!  Frank!  Frank!' Three  mortals  thus  juggling with years as though  they were bil­liard  balls,  and  my  friend,  the  reporter,  couldn't  see  anything funny  in it! XL1X A  Ramble  in  Aphasia MY  WIFE  AND  I  PARTED  on  that  morning  in  precisely  our  usual manner.  She  left  her  second  cup  of  tea  to  follow  me  to  the  front door. There  she  plucked  from  my  lapel the  invisible strand  of  lint (the  universal  act  of  woman  to  proclaim  ownership)  and  bade  me take  care  of my  cold. I had  no  cold.  Next  came  her  kiss of  parting -  the  level kiss of domesticity flavoured  with Young  Hyson.  There was  no  fear  of  the  extemporaneous,  of  variety spicing  her  infinite custom.  With  the  deft  touch of long malpractice, she  dabbed  awry my  well-set scarf-pin;  and  then,  as  I  closed  the  door,  I  heard  her 