'Say, Mag,' he  said, 'I'll see you home. And  how  about  next  Sat­urday night? Will you come  to the hop with me if I call around  for you?' It was remarkable how quickly Maggie's  eyes could change  from dull to a shining  brown. 'With you, Dempsey?' she stammered.  'Say -  will a duck swim?' VII The Cop and the Anthem ON  HIS BENCH IN MADISON  SQUARE Soapy moved uneasily. When wild  goose honk high of nights, and when women without sealskin coats  grow  kind  to  their  husbands,  and  when  Soapy  moves uneasily  on  his  bench  in  the  park,  you  may  know  that  winter  is near at  hand. A dead leaf fell in Soapy's lap. That  was Jack Frost's  card. Jack is kind  to  the  regular  denizens  of  Madison  Square,  and  gives  fair warning of his annual  call. At  the  corners  of four  streets  he  hands his pasteboard  to  the  North Wind,  footman  of the  mansion  of All Outdoors, so that the inhabitants thereof  may make ready. Soapy's  mind  became  cognizant  of  the  fact  that  the  time  had come for  him to resolve himself into a singular Committee  of Ways and Means to  provide  against the  coming  rigour. And  therefore  he moved uneasily on his bench. The  hibernatorial  ambitions  of  Soapy were  not  of  the  highest. In  them  were  no  considerations  of  Mediterranean  cruises,  of soporific  Southern  skies  or  drifting  in  the  Vesuvian  Bay.  Three months  on  the  Island  was what  his  soul  craved. Three  months  of assured  board  and  bed  and  congenial  company,  safe  from  Boreas and  bluecoats, seemed to  Soapy the  essence of things desirable. For  years the  hospitable  Blackwell's had  been  his winter  quar­ters. Just  as  his  more  fortunate  fellow  New  Yorkers  had  bought their  tickets to  Palm  Beach and  the  Riviera each winter,  so  Soapy had  made  his  humble  arrangements  for  his  annual  hegira  to  the Island. And  now  the  time  was come.  On  the  previous  night  three Sabbath newspapers, distributed  beneath  his coat,  about  his ankles and  over  his lap, had  failed  to  repulse  the  cold  as he  slept  on  his bench  near  the  spurting  fountain  in  the  ancient  square.  So  the Island  loomed  large  and  timely in  Soapy's mind.  He  scorned  the 