moment  immovable.  For  this  odour  belonged  to  Miss  Leslie;  it was  her own, and hers only. The  odour brought  her vividly, almost tangibly before  him.  The world  of finance  dwindled suddenly to  a speck. And she was in  the next room -  twenty steps away. 'By  George,  I'll do it now,'  said Maxwell, half aloud. 'I'll ask her now. I wonder I didn't  do it long ago.' He  dashed  into  the  inner  office  with  the  haste  of  a short  trying to cover. He  charged upon the  desk of the  stenographer. She  looked  up  at  him  with  a  smile. A  soft  pink  crept  over  her cheek,  and  her  eyes  were  kind  and  frank.  Maxwell  leaned  one elbow  on  her  desk.  He  still  clutched  fluttering  papers  with  both hands  and the pen was above his ear. 'Miss Leslie,' he began hurriedly, 'I have but a moment to spare. I  want  to  say something  in that  moment.  Will  you  be  my wife?  I haven't  had  time  to  make  love  to  you  in  the  ordinary  way, but  I really do  love you. Talk quick, please -  those  fellows are  clubbing the stuffing  out of Union  Pacific' 'Oh,  what are you talking about?' exclaimed the young lady. She rose to her feet  and gazed upon him,  round-eyed. 'Don't  you  understand?'  said Maxwell restively. 'I  want  you  to marry  me.  I  love  you,  Miss  Leslie.  I  wanted  to  tell  you,  and  I snatched  a  minute  when  things  had  slackened  up  a  bit.  They're calling me for  the  'phone now. Tell  'em  to wait a minute,  Pitcher. Won't  you, Miss Leslie?' The  stenographer  acted  very queerly. At  first  she  seemed  over­come  with  amazement;  then  tears  flowed  from  her  wondering eyes;  and  then  she  smiled  sunnily through  them,  and  one  of  her arms slid tenderly about  the  broker's  neck. 'I  know  now,'  she  said  softly.  'It's  this  old  business  that  has driven  everything else out  of your head  for  the  time. I was  fright­ened  at  first.  Don't  you  remember,  Harvey?  We  were  married last  evening  at  eight  o'clock  in  the  Little  Church  Around  the Corner.' XVI The Furnished Room RESTLESS,  SHIFTING,  FUGACIOUS as time itself,  is a certain vast bulk 