Presently Thomas  moved  tentatively in his seat, and  thoughtfully felt an abrasion or two on his knees and elbows. 'Say,  Annie,'  said  he  confidentially,  'maybe  it's  one  of  the  last dreams of the  booze,  but  I've a kind of a recollection of riding in an automobile  with  a swell guy that  took me  to  a house  full  of eagles and  arc lights. He  fed  me  on  biscuits  and  hot  air, and  then kicked me down the front  steps. If it was the d t's, why am I so sore?' 'Shut up, you fool,'  said Annie. 'If I could find that funny  guy's house,'  said Thomas, in  conclusion, 'I'd  go up there some day and punch his nose for  him.' XLVII The Poet and the Peasant T HE  OTHER  DAY  a  poet  friend  of  mine,  who  has  lived  in  close communication  with  nature  all his  life,  wrote  a poem  and  took  it to  an  editor. It  was a living pastoral,  full  of  the  genuine  breath  of  the  fields, the  song of birds, and the  pleasant  chatter  of trickling streams. When  the  poet  called  again  to  see  about  it,  with  hopes  of  a beefsteak  dinner  in  his heart,  it was handed  back  to  him  with  the comment: 'Too  artificial.' Several  of  us  met  over  spaghetti  and  Dutchess  County  chianti, and  swallowed indignation with the  slippery  forkfuls. And  there  we  dug  a  pit  for  the  editor.  With  us  was  Conant,  a well-arrived  writer  of  fiction  -  a man  who  had  trod  on  asphalt  all his life,  and who had  never looked upon bucolic scenes except with sensations  of disgust from  the windows of express trains. Conant  wrote  a poem  and  called it 'The  Doe  and  the  Brook.'  It was  a fine  specimen  of  the  kind  of work you would  expect  from  a poet  who  had  strayed  with  Amaryllis  only  as  far  as  the  florist's windows,  and  whose  sole  ornithological  discussion  had  been  car­ried  on  with  a waiter.  Conant  signed  this  poem,  and  we  sent  it  to the  same  editor. But this has very little to do with the  story. Just  as the  editor  was reading  the  first  line  of  the  poem,  on  the next  morning,  a being  stumbled  off  the  West  Shore  ferryboat,  and loped  slowly up Forty-second  Street. 