I  must  tell you  how  I  came  to  be  in  Nashville, and  assure  you the  digression  brings  as  much  tedium  to  me  as it  does  to  you.  I was  travelling  elsewhere  on  my  own  business,  but  I  had  a  com(cid:173)mission from  a Northern  literary magazine to  stop  over there  and establish  a  personal  connection  between  the  publication  and  one of its  contributors,  Azalea Adair. Adair (there was no  clue to  the  personality except  the  handwrit(cid:173)ing)  had  sent  in  some  essays  (lost  art!) and  poems  that  had  made the  editors  swear approvingly over  their  one  o'clock  luncheon.  So they  had  commissioned  me  to  round  up  said Adair  and  corner  by contract  his  or  her  output  at  two  cents  a word  before  some  other publisher offered  her  ten  or  twenty. At nine o'clock the  next morning,  after  my chicken livers en  bro(cid:173)chette  (try  them  if you  can  find  that  hotel), I  strayed  out  into  the drizzle, which was still on  for  an unlimited run.  At the  first  corner I came upon Uncle  Cæsar. He  was a stalwart negro, older than  the pyramids, with  grey wool  and  a face  that  reminded  me  of  Brutus, and  a  second  afterwards  of  the  late  King  Cetewayo. He  wore  the most  remarkable  coat  that  I  ever  had  seen  or  expect  to  see.  It reached  to  his  ankles  and  had  once  been  a  Confederate  grey  in colours. But rain and  sun and  age had so variegated it that Joseph's coat,  beside  it,  would  have  faded  to  a  pale  monochrome.  I  must linger with that  coat  for  it has to  do with the  story -  the  story  that is  so  long  in  coming,  because  you  can  hardly  expect  anything  to happen  in Nashville. Once it must  have been  the  military coat  of an officer.  The  cape of it had  vanished, but  all adown  its front  it had  been  frogged  and tasselled  magnificently.  But  now  the  frogs  and  tassels were  gone. In  their stead had  been  patiently stitched  (I surmised by some  sur(cid:173)viving  'black  mammy')  new  frogs  made  of  cunningly  twisted common  hempen  twine. This  twine was frayed  and  dishevelled. It must  have  been  added  to  the  coat  as  a  substitute  for  vanished splendours, with tasteless but  painstaking devotion,  for  it  followed faithfully  the  curves  of  the  long-missing  frogs.  And,  to  complete the  comedy  and  pathos  of  the  garment,  all its  buttons  were  gone save  one.  The  second  button  from  the  top  alone  remained.  The coat was fastened  by  other  twine  strings  tied  through  the  button(cid:173)holes  and  other  holes  rudely  pierced  in  the  opposite  side.  There was  never such a weird garment  so fantastically bedecked  and of so many mottled  hues. The  lone  button was the  size of  a half-dollar, made of yellow horn and  sewed on  with coarse twine. 