of  Locust  Valley  Farm,  Ulster  County,  and then  began  to  take descriptions of the  strong-arm  gentlemen. When  Conant  went to see the editor  about  the  fate of his  poem, he  was received  over  the  head  of the  office  boy into  the  inner office  that  is  decorated  with  the  statuettes  by Rodin  and J. G. Brown. 'When  I read  the first  line of "The  Doe and the Brook,"  ' said the  editor,  'I  knew  it to be the work  of one whose  life  has been heart  to  heart  with  nature.  The  finished  art of the line  did not blind  me to that  fact.  To use a somewhat  homely  comparison,  it was as if a wild, free  child of the woods and fields were to don the garb of fashion  and walk down  Broadway. Beneath the apparel the man would  show.' 'Thanks,'  said  Conant.  'I  suppose  the cheque  will  be round  on Thursday,  as usual.' The  morals  of this  story  have  somehow  gotten  mixed. You  can take your choice of 'Stay on the Farm' or 'Don't write  Poetry.' XLVIII The Thing's the Play BEING  ACQUAINTED  WITH  a newspaper  reporter  who  had  a couple of free  passes, I got to see the performance  a few nights ago at one of the  popular  vaudeville houses. One  of the  numbers  was a violin solo by a striking-looking man not  much  past  forty,  but  with  very  grey,  thick  hair.  Not  being afflicted  with a taste for music, I let the system of noises drift  past my ears while I regarded the man. 'There  was a story about  that chap a month or two ago,' said the reporter.  'They  gave me the assignment.  It  was to run a  column and  was to be on the extremely  light  and joking  order.  The old man  seems to like  the funny  touch  I give to local happenings. Oh yes, I'm working on a farce comedy now. Well, I went down to the house  and got all the details; but I certainly fell down on that job. I went  back  and turned  in a comic  write-up  of an east  side  funeral instead. Why? Oh, I couldn't  seem to get hold of it with my  funny hooks,  somehow.  Maybe you could  make a one-act  tragedy out of it for a curtain-raiser. I'll give you the details.' After  the performance  my friend,  the reporter,  recited to me the 