'A  very sad one,'  says he, laying the points  of his manicured  fin­gers together.  'An utterly incorrigible girl. I am Special Terrestrial Officer  the  Reverend Jones. The  case was assigned to me. The  girl murdered  her  fiancé and  committed  suicide. She  had  no  defence. My  report  to  the  court  relates the  facts  in  detail, all of which  are substantiated  by  reliable  witnesses.  The  wages  of  sin  is  death. Praise the  Lord.' The  court  officer  opened  the door and  stepped  out. 'Poor  girl,'  said  Special Terrestrial  Officer  the  Reverend Jones, with  a  tear  in  his  eye. 'It  was one  of  the  saddest  cases that  I  ever met with. Of  course she was -  ' 'Discharged,'  said  the  court  officer.  'Come  here,  Jonesy.  First thing  you  know  you'll  be  switched  to  the  pot-pie  squad.  How would  you  like  to  be  on  the  missionary  force  in  the  South  Sea Islands -  hey? Now,  you  quit  making  these  false  arrests, or you'll be transferred  -  see? The  guilty party you've got to look for  in this case  is a red-haired,  unshaven,  untidy  man,  sitting by the  window reading, in his stocking  feet,  while his children  play in  the  streets. Get  a move on you.' Now,  wasn't that a silly dream? XXXIII The Last Leaf IN  A LITTLE  DISTRICT west of Washington  Square the  streets have run  crazy  and  broken  themselves  into  small  strips  called 'places.' These  'places' make  strange  angles and  curves. One  street  crosses itself  a time or two. An artist once  discovered a valuable possibility in  this street.  Suppose  a  collector with  a bill for  paints, paper  and canvas  should,  in  traversing  this  route,  suddenly  meet  himself coming back, without  a cent having been  paid on  account! So,  to  quaint  old  Greenwich  Village  the  art  people  soon  came prowling,  hunting  for  north  windows  and  eighteenth-century gables  and  Dutch  attics  and  low rents.  Then  they  imported  some pewter  mugs  and  a  chafing  dish  or  two  from  Sixth Avenue,  and became a 'colony.' At  the  top  of  a  squatty,  three-story  brick  Sue  and  Johnsy  had their  studio.  'Johnsy'  was  familiar  for  Joanna.  One  was  from Maine,  the  other  from  California.  They  had  met  at  the  table 