retreats  where  housekeepers  foregather  and  the  worm  dieth seldom. 'I  rented  out  my third  floor  back, this evening,' said Mrs.  Purdy, across a fine  circle of foam.  'A young  man  took it. He  went  up  to bed  two hours  ago. 'Now,  did  ye,  Mrs.  Purdy,  ma'am?'  said  Mrs.  McCool,  with intense  admiration.  'You  do  be  a wonder  for  rentin'  rooms  of that kind. And  did ye tell him, then?' she concluded  in a husky whisper, laden with mystery. 'Rooms,'  said  Mrs.  Purdy,  in  her  furriest  tones,  'are  furnished for  to rent. I did not  tell him, Mrs. McCool.' '  'Tis  right  ye  are,  ma'am;  'tis  by renting  rooms  we  kape  alive. Ye  have the  rale sense for  business, ma'am. There  be many  people will rayjict the  rentin'  of a  room if they be  tould  a suicide has  been after  dyin' in the  bed  of it.' 'As  you  say,  we  has  our  living  to  be  making,'  remarked  Mrs, Purdy. 'Yis,  ma'am;  'tis true.  'Tis just one wake ago this day I helped ye lay  out  the  third  floor  back. A pretty  slip of a colleen she was to  be killin'  herself  wid  the  gas a swate  little  face  she  had,  Mrs.  Purdy, ma'am.' 'She'd  a-been  called  handsome,  as  you  say,'  said  Mrs.  Purdy, assenting  but  critical, 'but  for  that  mole  she  had  a-growin'  by  her left  eyebrow. Do  fill up your glass again, Mrs. McCool.' XVII The Brief Debut of Tildy IF  YOU  DO NOT  KNOW  Bogle's  Chop  House  and  Family  Restau­rant  it  is your  loss. For  if you  are  one  of  the  fortunate  ones  who dine  expensively you  should  be  interested  to  know  how  the  other half  consumes  provisions.  And  if you  belong  to  the  half  to  whom waiters'  checks  are  things  of  moment,  you  should  know  Bogle's, for  there  you get your money's worth  -  in quantity,  at least. Bogle's is situated  in that  highway of  bourgeoisie, that  boulevard of  Brown-Jones-and-Robinson,  Eighth  Avenue.  There  are  two rows  of  tables  in  the  room,  six  in  each  row.  On  each  table  is a castor-stand,  containing  cruets  of  condiments  and  seasons.  From the  pepper  cruet  you  may  shake  a  cloud  of  something  tasteless 