have  been  able  to  throw  a ball into  one  of  them  at  five paces  dis­tant.  But, although  a terrible battle had raged and was still raging, the  enemy  had  not  suffered.  Bright,  new,  imposing,  capacious, untouched,  they  stood.  But  shades  of  Jefferson  Brick!  the  tile floor  -  the  beautiful  tile  floor!  I  could  not  avoid  thinking  of  the battle  of  Nashville,  and  trying  to  draw,  as  is  my  foolish  habit, some  deductions  about  hereditary  markmanship. Here  I  first  saw  Major  (by  misplaced  courtesy)  Wentworth Caswell. I knew him for  a type the  moment  my eyes suffered  from the  sight of him. A rat  has no  geographical habitat. My old  friend, A. Tennyson,  said, as he so well said almost everything: 'Prophet, curse me the blabbing lip, And curse me the British vermin, the rat.' Let  us regard  the  word  'British'  as interchangeable  ad lib.  A  rat is a rat. This  man  was hunting  about  the  hotel  lobby  like  a starved  dog that  had  forgotten  where  he  had  buried  a  bone.  He  had  a face  of great  acreage,  red,  pulpy,  and  with  a  kind  of  sleepy massiveness like  that  of  Buddha.  He  possessed  one  single virtue  -  he  was very smoothly  shaven.  The  mark  of  the  beast  is  not  indelible upon  a man  until  he  goes  about  with  a stubble.  I  think  that  if he  had  not used his razor  that  day I would have repulsed his advances, and  the criminal  calendar  of  the  world  would  have  been  spared  the  addi­tion  of one  murder. I  happened  to  be  standing  within  five  feet  of  a  cuspidor  when Major  Caswell opened  fire  upon  it.  I  had  been  observant  enough to  perceive  that  the  attacking  force  was using  Gatlings  instead  of squirrel  rifles;  so I  side-stepped  so promptly  that  the  major  seized the  opportunity  to  apologize  to  a  non-combatant.  He  had  the blabbing  lip. In  four  minutes  he  had  become  my  friend  and  had dragged me to  the  bar. I  desire to  interpolate  here  that  I am a Southerner.  But I am  not one  by profession  or  trade.  I eschew  the  string  tie, the  slouch  hat, the  Prince  Albert,  the  number  of  bales  of  cotton  destroyed  by Sherman,  and  plug  chewing. When  the  orchestra  plays  Dixie I  do not  cheer.  I  slide  a  little lower  on  the  leather-cornered  seat  and, well,  order  another  Würzburger  and  wish  that  Longstreet  had  -but what's the use? Major  Caswell banged  the  bar  with  his fist,  and  the  first  gun  at 